docs: Improve MM setup documentation (#4774)
os-autoinst/openQA: docs/Networking.asciidoc

NOTE: Another way to setup the environment with _iptables_ and _firewalld_ is described
on the link:https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/OpenQA_advanced_network_guide[Fedora wiki].

NOTE: The salt states contained by
https://github.com/os-autoinst/salt-states-openqa[salt-states-openqa] contain all the

> necassities to establish such a setup and configures it for all workers with `tap`

Reviewer: s/necassities/necessities/

> necessities to establish such a setup and configures it for all workers with `tap`
> worker class. It also covers GRE tunnels (that are explained in the next section).

Reviewer 2: `The salt states...contain...and configures...It also covers` This doesn't work because the agreement is wrong. How about:

```suggestion
necessities to establish such a setup and configure it for all workers with the `tap`
worker class. They also cover GRE tunnels (that are explained in the next section).
```

systemctl disable --now network.service
----

Then switch to wicked and start the service:

[source,sh]
----
systemctl enable --force wicked
systemctl start wicked
----

Bring up the _br1_ interface:

[source,sh]
----
wicked ifup br1
----

Finally, reboot the system.

NOTE: It is also possible to switch the network configuration using YaST.

=== GRE tunnels

> By default all multi-machine workers have to be on single physical machine.
> You can join multiple physical machines and its ovs bridges together by a GRE

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default all multi-machine workers have to be on a single physical machine.
You can join multiple physical machines and its OVS bridges together by a GRE
```
